[oneDPL] Indirectly Device Accessible Iterator Customization Point and Public Trait (#620)
uxlfoundation/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDPL/source/parallel_api/execution_policies.rst

it is capable of processing SYCL buffers (passed via ``oneapi::dpl::begin/end``),
data in the host memory and data in Unified Shared Memory (USM), including device USM.
Data placed in the host memory and USM can be passed to oneDPL algorithms
as pointers and random access iterators. oneDPL provides some :ref:`iterators <iterators>` that are
compatible with algorithms when using a ``device_policy``. Custom iterators may also be used, but users should
ensure that those iterators have a defined :ref:`"passed directly" customization point <iterators-passed-directly>`
to avoid unnecessary data movement. The iterators must also be SYCL device-copyable to be used with

> algorithms utilizing a ``device_policy``. The way to transfer data from the host memory

Author: I'm not incredibly happy with the current language I have here, but I think *something* should be here in this section because it is already discussing the valid options for input data when using a device policy. Perhaps just a brief link to the iterators page, and then most of this can go at the top of that page instead?

> algorithms utilizing a ``device_policy``. The way to transfer data from the host memory

Reviewer: It discusses primarily the placement of data for device policies, not the types of iterators. You can create fancy iterators on top of host containers - but that would not make the data suitable to process on a device.

I am open for some short reference to the iterators, but it should be properly put into the context.

> algorithms utilizing a ``device_policy``. The way to transfer data from the host memory

Author: Ive made this change locally, will push today.

> algorithms utilizing a ``device_policy``. The way to transfer data from the host memory

Author: Shortened this to just provide a link.  Added some language about device copyability to the iterators page.

it is capable of processing SYCL buffers (passed via ``oneapi::dpl::begin/end``),
data in the host memory and data in Unified Shared Memory (USM), including device USM.
Data placed in the host memory and USM can be passed to oneDPL algorithms

> as pointers and random access iterators, please see :ref:`iterators <iterators>`. The way to transfer data from the host
> memory to a device and back is unspecified; per-element data movement to/from a temporary storage
> is a possible valid implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as pointers and random access iterators, including :doc:`oneDPL iterators <iterators>`. The way 
to transfer data from the host memory to a device and back is unspecified; per-element data
movement to/from a temporary storage is a possible valid implementation.
```

Author: suggestion taken.
